because you look at you clear two nit
plays by house luck I'll play it right
now we gotta clear to add uh oh my god
we gotta go baby we gotta go we gotta go
back you don't want to whoop you away
far though that's the real question stop
it Robin X on you real quick Maggie
Barry read the bible scriptures are you
it was fucking us oh he don't he don't
want the Robbie worried about you know
he did not want to move my baby straight
from survivals from nigga Robinette or
should I will be with all these Pokemon
again i will pay late I ok let's do this
let's do this again did we did not who I
thought we did it we did it to it oh
you're ready we did it to us we didn't
two out of three two ND last night
because he beat me evening referral link
out like that run this shit bang and i
will today i like i like nah gotta make
it very curious what I beat him again we
don't give you uh you know i'll be doing
mart be ushered more i should work she
put you to your seat more 15-0 soup I go
make a nigga know you got me comin pyro
see guys you guys a real pony tail papi
tu lui she like what's your name up in
one fight game virtual self virtua
fighter or attacking members when it up
makes you walking away one in a while ok
Oh
did I really do that okay I'll be
forgetting flashes like a bullshit me on
this here percentage
hey kill me oh you ain't come with me
hey you think I need it I think if you
do it down
the game good gay this new game and shit
fuck up your percentages fuck this nicki
minaj this bitch a gazillion give it
zero Mazzilli we have to beat red be
whole ugly as hell you looking at i play
hardcore be the bag oh yeah hooray oh
boy link morbidly who should i use to
the mat ET why you know what how about I
got I got so for you I got slow I gotta
watch this stuff I always forget that
you came every time every time all right
up on you like this whatever bread women
ovary women a women every women a
whippin a brick we're gonna rig
no Dean oh yeah go home boy oh she got
go home i shinned assessing my look
that's my fault you got 45 doing this to
me
oh it is today oh fuck though hey
frustum my first row but now that you
gotta go you gotta go you gotta go and
kill it that was gonna should be I'll
say broke a minister good oh I got the
mollies dr. Molly oh
well EMS yourself okay you know mrs. ill
person long-held ah ok I'll it it means
it down v I guess I can't get in there
I hate when I'm
damn again where what happened you are a
bad guy oh ah damn why gotta make it
back she
really nigga oh my hi are you fucking
serious take it oh it hurt ain't no way
óleo ain't no way came baby to me to
Molly oh not even running a big oh you
had to run a bigger